I bet you 1 million
Hahahaha
Are you so fucking stupid?
1 million to buy
Don't you know that international money has affected Hong Kong bones?
Chen Feng, if you don't understand stocks, don't talk nonsense
Now the whole market is a buyer of Hang Seng.
It's impossible to fall
It's even less likely to fall to 2,000
Even I'm not afraid to tell you
Our brother Liu's uncle
Is the general manager of a listed company
Is it long or father?
Excuse me, is today Thursday, August 5th?
Yes!
What's the matter, why do you suddenly ask this?
That's right.
On this day in history, the Asian financial crisis broke out.
At 1:15 p.m., the stock market crashed and fell by the limit
10 minutes left
Why don't you dare to speak?
I'll tell you what.
Waste requires self-awareness
I advise you to go home and farm now before it's too late
Dusty
Is your aunt sick? You are too stressed.
I'll take you to rest
Too late to explain the avant-garde
This is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.
Buy it for me
Ok, I'll help you.
Chen Feng 1 million buy it all
Hengsheng pointed out that the falling pavilion needs to be confirmed?
confirm
You are so fucking
I know it's a sea of fire and dare to jump in it
Today I will see how you die
Liu Shao
Dare to bet bigger?
I want to increase leverage by 10 million
Chen Feng, are you crazy?
If the 10 million is lost
Your life will be ruined
Keep your eyes peeled at the referee
The Red Army has now risen to 10,900.
100 points away from the daily limit
You tell me how to drop it.
Dusty Wenwu is still in the hospital
Even if you don't think about yourself
You can't drag down the museum to go on an adventure
No time to explain, Rose
You trust me.
I won't lose
I beg you, don't risk buying it.
Give me more 1 million buy the limit
Changfang, you have the ability to buy another 10 million
One more minute.
Can't take so much